Final project from software design.
This is my final software design project, the case is as follows:

Case of HAZARDOUS WASTE.
Case Overview:
It is desired to build a system for the management of solid and hazardous waste produced in a city. The
Information to contemplate goes from when the waste is produced, until it reaches a safe place and receives a
special treatment. The management rules to consider are the following.

* A company or organization (producers) produces a variable number of waste constituted, in turn, by
a variable number of chemical constituents that are considered dangerous for the environment and for the being
human.

* Producers assign a unique code to the waste they produce, which allows them to differentiate
productions of the same products, that is, a factory produces waste made of ammonia and
cyanide, but also another type of waste with chlorine and lead, each of these wastes is identified with a
code. The system has to take care that residues that constitute the same chemical elements have
the same code, so that a catalog of types of waste in the city is formed.

* Waste can be transferred in whole or in parts. At each waste transfer the amount that is
The transfer of them is sent to a single destination. Each transfer may involve more than one company
carrier using the same or different transport, so it is interesting to know both the means of
transport used, in number of vehicles used to transport waste (when done in parts),
the kilometers made, as well as the cost of work.

* It is interesting to know the date of arrival at destination and the subsequent treatment to which the waste is subjected.

* For safety, it is considered that in a transfer can only one type of waste from a producer.

* It is also interesting to know the producers that send more waste, as well as the types of waste produced
by company and throughout the city.

* As for transport companies, it is desired to have a report of which companies are the ones that most
They transport waste by type.